In the last video,
you learned about brainstorming and
tagging your data with
different attributes.
Let's see how you can use this to
prioritize where to focus your attention.
Here is the example we had
previously with four tags and
the accuracy of the algorithm,
human level performance and
what's the gap between the current
accuracy and human level performance.
Rather than deciding to work on car noise
because the gap to HLP is biggest, one
other useful factor to look at is what's
the percentage of data with that tag.
Let's say that 60% of your
data is clean speech,
4% is data with car noise,
30% has people noise and
6% is low bandwidth audio.
This tells us that if we
could take clean speech and
raise our accuracy from 94 to
95% on all the clean speech,
then multiplying 1% with 60%,
this tells us that if we could
improve our performance on clean speech,
the human level performance,
our overall speech system
would be 0.6% more accurate,
because we would do 1%
better on 60% of the data.
So this will raise
average accuracy by 0.6%.
On the car noise,
if we can improve the performance
by 4% on 4% of the data,
multiplying that out,
that gives us a 0.16% improvement.
And multiplying results as well,
we get 0.6% and, well,
essentially 0% because we
can't make that any better.
And so whereas previously we had
said there's a lot of room for
improvement in car noise,
in this slightly richer analysis,
we see that because people noise accounts
for such a large fraction of the data,
it may be more worthwhile to
work on either people noise or
maybe on clean speech because there's
actually larger potential for
improvements in both of those than for
speech with car noise.
So to summarize,
when prioritizing what to work on,
you might decide on the most important
categories to work on based on,
how much room for improvement there is,
such as compared to human level
performance or
according to some baseline comparison.
How frequently does that category appear?
You can also take into account how easy it
is to improve accuracy in that category.
For example, if you have some ideas for
how to improve the accuracy of speech with
car noise, maybe a data augmentation,
that might cause you to prioritize that
category more highly than some other
category where you just don't have as
many ideas for how to improve the system.
And then finally, how important it is to
improve performance on that category.
For example, you may decide that improving
performance with car noise is especially
important because when you're driving,
you have a stronger desire to do search,
especially search on maps and
find addresses without needing to use
your hands if your hands are supposed
to be holding the steering wheel.
There is no mathematical formula that
will tell you what to work on, but
by looking at these factors, I hope you'll
be able to make more fruitful decisions.
Once you've decided that you want to
work on one category of data, say,
data with car noise, once you've
decided that there's a category or
maybe a few categories where you want
to improve the average performance,
one fruitful approach is to consider
adding data or improving the quality of
that data for that one or
maybe a small handful of categories.
So for example, if you want to improve
performance on speech with car noise,
you might go out and
collect more data with car noise.
Or if you have a way of using data
augmentation to get more data from that
category, that would be another way
to improve your average performance.
One topic that we'll discuss next week is
how to improve label accuracy or
data quality.
You'll learn more about this when
we talk about the data phase of
the machine learning project lifecycle.
In machine learning, we always
would like to have more data, but
going out to collect more data generically
can be very time consuming and expensive.
By carrying out an analysis like this,
when you are then going through this
initiative process of improving
your learning algorithm,
you can be much more focused in exactly
what types of data you collect.
Because if you decide to collect more data
with car noise or maybe people noise,
you can be much more specific in going
out to collect more of just that data or
using data augmentation
without wasting time trying to
collect more data from a low
bandwidth cell phone connection.
And this focus on improving your data
on the tags that you have determined
are most fruitful for you to work on,
that can help you be much more
efficient in how you improve your
learning average performance.
I found this type of error
analysis procedure very useful for
many of my projects, and
I hope it will help you too in building
production-ready machine learning systems.
Nicks, one of the most common challenges
you run into is skewed data sets.
Let's go on to the Nicks' video
to go through some techniques for
managing skewed data sets